48 modifications based on aw feedback (#50)
siamakn/temp-nomad-onboarding-workshop: docs/Module2/M2_x_create_account.md

# Create a NOMAD user account

Creating a NOMAD account is quick:

1. Visit [nomad-lab.eu](https://nomad-lab.eu){:target="_blank"}: Click on **OPEN NOMAD** in the top right corner.
2. Click on **LOGIN / REGISTER** on the landing page, then select **Register**.

> 3. **Fill the Form**: you need to choose a username (e.g., firstname.lastname) and password, give your first name and last name and affiliation and an Email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Fill Out the Form**: Enter a username (e.g., firstname.lastname), create a password, and provide your first name, last name, affiliation, and email address.

```
